Changelog for v3.3.0 (#4079)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

Change Log
==========

# Version 3.3.0

_2022-05-04_

This release brings WebSocket related improvements, support for HMPP, and a some performance improvements and bug fixes!

## ✨️ [new] `WebSocketNetworkTransport.closeConnection` (#4049)

> This new method can be used in conjunction with [`reopenWhen`](https://apollographql.github.io/apollo-kotlin/kdoc/apollo-runtime/com.apollographql.apollo3/-apollo-client/-builder/web-socket-reopen-when.html)  to force a reconnection to the server. This could be useful for instance when needing to pass new auth tokens in the headers.

Reviewer: Mention the link to 2.x `reconnect`? 

```
If you were using `subscriptionManager.reconnect()` in 2.x, `closeConnection` is a simple way to achieve the same behaviour.
```

And update the migration guide?

Author: (migration guide already pending [here](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/pull/4052/files?w=1))

## ✨️ [new] `GraphQLWsProtocol.connectionPayload` is now a lambda (#4043)

With `GraphQLWsProtocol`, if you need to pass parameters to the connection payload, previously you would pass them as a static map to the builder. With this change you can now pass a lambda providing them as needed. This facilitates passing fresh auth tokens when connecting.

## ✨️ [new] Hierarchical MultiPlatform Project (HMPP) (#4033)

> When using Apollo Kotlin on a multiplatform project, this release is compatible with the [hierarchical project structure](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/multiplatform-hierarchy.html), which makes it easier to share common code among several targets. This should also resolve [an issue](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/issues/4019) when using the library on a project using Kotlin 1.6.20+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Apollo Kotlin on a multiplatform project, this release is compatible with the [hierarchical project structure](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/multiplatform-hierarchy.html), which makes it easier to share common code among several targets. Using HMPP in your project fixes errors some issues when compiling Kotlin metadata. See https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/issues/4019 and https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-51970/ for more details.
```

## ✨️ [new] Add insecure option to download schema (#4021)

You can now use the `--insecure` flag when downloading a schema with [`downloadApolloSchema`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/kotlin/advanced/plugin-configuration/#downloading-a-schema), to bypass the certificate check, which can be useful if a server is configured with a self-signed certificate for instance.

## 👷‍ All changes

- Add WebSocketNetworkTransport.closeConnection (#4049)
- Made connectionPayload as suspend function in GraphQLWsProtocol (#4043)
- ⚡ Ignore unknown websocket messages (#4066)
- Kotlin 1.6.21 & HMPP (#4033)
- Provide a Content-Length when using Upload (#4056)
- ☁️ add HttpRequest.newBuilder(url, method) (#4038)
- Escape enum constants (#4035)
- Fix the Moshi adapter used for OperationOutput. Moshi cannot get the type parameters from the typealias
  automagically (#4022)
- Add insecure option to download schema (#4021)
- Try to reduce allocations in MapJsonReader (#3935)
- 🔒 Deprecate BearerTokenInterceptor and provide tests and docs instead (#4068)

## ❤️ External contributors

Many thanks to @CureleaAndrei and @kdk96 for contributing to this release! 🙏

## ⚙️ Deprecations

> - `BearerTokenInterceptor` was provided as an example but is too simple for most use cases, and was therefore deprecated
>   in this release. [This page](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/kotlin/advanced/authentication) provides more details
>   about authentication.
> - The previous ways of passing parameters to the connection payload with `GraphQLWsProtocol` were deprecated (see above).
> 

Reviewer: I'm no english expert but I'd say use a progressive form?
```suggestion
- `BearerTokenInterceptor` was provided as an example but is too simple for most use cases, and has therefore been deprecated
  in this release. [This page](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/kotlin/advanced/authentication) provides more details
  about authentication.
- The previous ways of passing parameters to the connection payload with `GraphQLWsProtocol` has been deprecated (see above).

```
